o x b b x o o x x true 
o x b b x o b x b true 
o x b b x b o x b true 
o x b b x b b x o true 
o x b b o o x x x true 
o o x x x x x o o true 
o o x x x x o x o true 
o o x x x x o o x true 
o o x x x x o b b true 
o o x x x x b o b true 
o o b x o b x x x true 
o o b x b o x x x true 
o o b o x b x x x true 
o o b o b x x x x true 
o o b b x o x x x true 
o o b b o x x x x true 
o o b b b b x x x true 
o b x x x x o o b true 
o b x x x x o b o true 
o b x x x x b o o true 
o b x x x o x o b true 
o b x x x o x b o true 
o b x x x b x o o true 
o b x x o x o b x true 
o b x x o x b o x true 
o b x x b x o o x true 
o b x o x x x o b true 
o b x o x x x b o true 
o b x o x x b o x true 
o b x o x o x x b true 
b x x o o x b o x true 
b x x o b x o o x true 
b x x b x o x o o true 
b x x b x o o x o true 
b x x b o x o o x true 
b x o x x x o o b true 
b x o x x x o b o true 
b x o x x x b o o true 
b x o x x o o x b true 
b x o x x b o x o true 
b x o o x x o x b true 
b x o o x x b x o true 
b x o o x o x x b true 
b x o o x o b x x true 
b x o o x b x x o true 
b x o o x b o x x true 
b x o o x b b x b true 
b x o o o b x x x true 
b x o o b o x x x true 
b x o b x x o x o true 
b o x o b o x x x true 
b o x b x x x o o true 
b o x b x x o o x true 
b o x b x o x x o true 
b o x b x o x o x true 
b o x b x o x b b true 
b o x b x b x o b true 
b o x b x b x b o true 
b o x b o x o x x true 
b o x b o x b b x true 
b o x b o o x x x true 
b o x b b x o b x true 
b o x b b x b o x true 
b o o x x x x o b true 
b o o x x x x b o true 
b o o x x x o x b true 
b o o x x x o b x true 
b o o x x x b x o true 
b o o x x x b o x true 
b o o x x x b b b true 
b b x o o x o x x true 
b b x o o x b b x true 
b b x o b x o b x true 
b b x o b x b o x true 
b b x b x o x o b true 
b b x b x o x b o true 
b b x b x b x o o true 
b b x b o x o b x true 
b b x b o x b o x true 
b b x b b x o o x true 
b b o x x x x o o true 
b b o x x x o x o true 
b b o x x x o o x true 
b b o x x x o b b true 
b b o x x x b o b true 
b b o x x x b b o true 
b b o x o o x x x true 
b b o o x o x x x true 
b b o o o x x x x true 
b b o o b b x x x true 
x o x o o x x o b false 
x o x o o o x x b false 
x o x o o o x b x false 
x o x o o o b x x false 
x o x o o b x o x false 
x o x b x x o o o false 
x o x b o x x o o false 
x o x b o x b o b false 
x o x b o o x o x false 
x o x b o b x o b false 
x o x b o b b o x false 
x o o x x o b x o false 
x o o x o x o x b false 
x o o x o x o b x false 
x o o x o x b o x false 
x o o x o b o x x false 
x o o b x o x x o false 
x o o b o x x o x false 
x o o b o x o x x false 
x o b x o x o o x false 
x b o x b o b x o false 
x b o o x o x x o false 
x b o o o x o x x false 
x b o b x o x b o false 
x b o b x o b x o false 
x b o b o x o x b false 
x b o b o x o b x false 
x b o b o b o x x false 
x b o b b o x x o false 
x b b x x b o o o false 
x b b x b x o o o false 
x b b o o o x x b false 
x b b o o o x b x false 
x b b o o o b x x false 
x b b b x x o o o false 
o x x x x b o o o false 
o x x x o x o b o false 
o x x x o x b o o false 
o x x x o o x b o false 
o x x x o o b x o false 
o o o x o x b x x false 
o o o x b x x x o false 
o o o x b x x o x false 
o o o x b x x b b false 
o o o x b x o x x false 
o o o x b x b x b false 
o o o x b x b b x false 
o o o x b b x x b false 
o o o x b b x b x false 
o o o x b b b x x false 
o o o o x x x x b false 
o o o o x x x b x false 
o o o o x x b x x false 
o o o b x x x x o false 
o o o b x x x o x false 
o o o b x x x b b false 
o o o b x x o x x false 
o o o b x x b x b false 
o o o b x x b b x false 
o o o b x b x x b false 
